docs(toggle): add helperText and errorText section (#4033)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: static/usage/v8/toggle/helper-error/angular/example_component_html.md

```html

> <form [formGroup]="myForm" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit()">
>   <ion-toggle formControlName="wifi" helperText="This needs to be enabled" errorText="This field is required">
>     Wi-Fi
>   </ion-toggle>
> 
>   <br />
> 
>   <ion-button type="submit" size="small">Submit</ion-button>
> </form>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<form [formGroup]="myForm">
  <ion-toggle
    formControlName="wifi"
    helperText="Enable to connect to available networks"
    errorText="Must be enabled to access the internet"
    justify="space-between"
    (ionChange)="onChange()"
  >
    Wi-Fi
  </ion-toggle>
</form>
```
